# Business Site

The assignment was to make a business site that included a form, an accordion and a hero-image/video. The form should submit to HTTPbin and the accordion collapse and expand.

## The problem

This time I started with looking through most of the course material before getting ahead of myself. I also did coded along with the lessons and made everything work before styling, so I wouldn’t get too carried away and having to stress through the actual assignment. I decided to make a sign up form for roleplay sessions and used my friend’s page as an inspiration. Turns out he’s keeping the page up to date and is indeed very inspirational (https://www.dndvisby.se). Peter (who made said site) let me borrow one of his videos to my project, which was very nice. I made some design choices that might not be correct, but I like it. For example I set the width of the form and accordion to percentage instead of something set as pixels, because I like that the space around changes depending on the size of the screen. I also used divs and different sections of checkboxes depending on the screen size instead of wrap because I can control them better that way. 
I used StackOverflow a lot this time, as well as a lot of Googling, because I had a lot of questions, especially about the hero-video and image. Luckily I managed to find the answer for most of it. I think I also got a better hang of Flexbox this time. I also used Slack and Hangouts to talk to my team and ask questions and get help with the code in Technigos help-channel. And I got some great help. I also used VLC and Abraia to resize and convert the video, as well as Photoshop to edit the picture. I only used VScode for the coding.
If I had more time I would have tried to style the checkboxes and radio buttons a bit. I also tried to change the name of the classes and variables in the script-file (and other places where it then became needed) but for some reason I couldn’t get the script to work then, so I just let it be the way it is for now while it works. I might learn what the problem is later and will update it then. I also tried for a while to add some script to make at least one of the checkboxes required, but I couldn’t manage to get it to work, and almost messed up the submit function in the process. But it eventually sorted itself out, but that’s something else I wanted to look at if I had more time.

## View it live

You can see my site here: https://dnd-signup.netlify.app/gi